TASK 1
1. Subtraction did b - a instead of a - b. Multiply was called multiple instead. Prime had everything above 2 set to false
which invalidated the actual calculations. Is even had %2 == 1 instead of 0. Fizzbuzz had an unnecessary is_even statement
and returned false under the true conditions. Running the tests helped debug the problems by helping me pinpoint exactly
which functions to be looking in.
2. Fizzbuzz because it didn't show up in the test and prime and even because it was a more complex code issue.
3. The tests in test_calculator can be improved by adding a proper fizzbuzz test and adding more tests the address
edge cases.
4. Have used them in classes pretty frequently. Just used JUnit. No prior experience with pytest.

TASK 2
1. A bunch of the functions that weren't tested at all like get_percentile, get_win_rate, and apply_bonus, because now it's 
not just about edge cases or errors messages, the logic itself could be wrong.
2. The branch coverage of the updated test suite is 85%. I would modify the test cases to test more possible error branches
and not just the normal working case for all of them.
3. Not necessarily. It would help me better understand what I have and haven't tested but I don't believe it would point out the bugs.
4. It would make finding bugs in my code significantly faster and easier. It would also ensure that my code is more correct
and if I am properly testing all possible outcomes.

TASK 3
1. The prompt I used was "generate pytest test suite for quiz.py that covers edge cases as well and tries to get at least 85% code 
coverage." The prompt could be improved by being more specific and clear about what I wanted tested and how I want everything 
formatted. I would do a better job of describing my functions and what I want tested because the model just ended up make random functions that don't exist
like check_answer().
2. It did a good job formatting the tests and considering edge cases. It struggles with making the tests relevant to the actual code and what I wanted to test. I personally would not accept this to test this system because it doesn't even come close to actually testing all the logic unfortunately.
3. The tests fail immediately because they try to import functions that don't exist, so I was unable to properly assess code coverage.
4. I've done an "internship" where I got to use and play around with agentic ai. I also have used chatgpt and other AI tools such as 
Claude to come up with tests for classes as well. Often times they work well but human oversight is definitely needed to adjust code 
coverage or edge cases.
